docs: Adding Concourse resource for trivy (#3224)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/ecosystem/cicd.md

```

Woodpecker does use Trivy itself so you can [see it in use there](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/pull/1163).

## Concourse CI (Community)
[Concourse CI](https://concourse-ci.org/) is a CI/CD service.

> You can use Trivy Resource in Concourse for scanning containers and lets you  introduce security scanning into your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Trivy Resource in Concourse for scanning containers and introducing security scanning into your workflow.
```

> It has capability to fail the pipeline, create issues, alert communication channels (using respective resources) based on trivy scan output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has capabilities to fail the pipeline, create issues, alert communication channels (using respective resources) based on Trivy scan output.
```
